[Music]
how's it going today guys scatman here
bringing you guys a disgusting 140 kills
a non-lethal buyer boy crimson with the
sc-2010 he's just tearing it up twisting
and turning on this map just smacking
these kids around if we can't like 200
likes on this gameplay that would be
absolutely amazing we've just been like
you guys been showing us such insane
support lately and it really helps us
grind it really like motivates us to
keep uploading so if we could keep that
up that would be that would be awesome
that'd be fantastic
so make sure you guys go check out
crimson he is a be slow it goes this is
a pretty disgusting game and before it
got into the commentary I just wanted to
say a big thank you to Birdman for
uploading our hexa nuclear gameplay we
are gonna be uploading it here pretty
soon I'm not sure probably this weekend
to be honest story I don't know we got
like three to a three of them actually
so uh we'll probably separate them a
little bit but big thank you to him you
know a date one squad that's why it's
always good to have friends like actual
like good friends that you can rely on
cuz even though you know 110 you know
107 thousand subs later he's still her
homie looking out for us helping us grow
and YouTube stuff like that so that's
always much appreciated hasn't really
changed he's still a cocky bastard that
he was they or he hasn't changed at all
I don't think either homie so that's
much appreciated so what I really wanted
to talk to you guys today is really why
we haven't been uploading that much and
uh you know why I've been m.i.a not
streaming that really plane call duty at
all and you know finals that's pretty
much it finals are right around the
corner so I you know it's double the
homework and then double the studying so
that is absolutely awful so I just
wanted to talk about you know what I do
for finals and I just wanted s what you
guys how you guys prepared for your
finals when are you guys getting out for
the summer
straight you know that was it Twisted
Sister song I don't know I don't know my
eighties music or so you probably know
and leave it in the comments said it'd
be much appreciated so I am I'm the kind
of person where I will do good all year
and then once I realized I got like a
solid a to be I just
slacking off hardcore and just you know
hmm maybe I could you know just not
study that much in place and call duty
or you know watch another episode of
Game of Thrones so I don't really take I
don't take academics as seriously as I
could I guess I've just been I'm I'm
pretty lazy when it comes to score
because I just get so bored and
unmotivated and I'm satisfied with a
salad like Searby
so I don't you know I don't really push
myself I guess and that's probably
what's gonna happen here but I am in
college so I got to start trying harder
so I'm gonna be studying my ass off I
only got one this is my last week of
classes and then all next week is the
finals so that's are gonna be two days
the finals and then I will be out for
the summer streaming three videos a day
no matter what just I don't know if you
guys are around if you guys would
subscribe to us last summer you know I
left for Wisconsin for the summer so I
don't know if I'm gonna do that again
the upside is it would be fun as hell I
would have a blast a lot of memories
with my friends you know from high
school but the downside is the channel
would suffer greatly I feel like because
I wouldn't be nearly nearly as active
with the uploads and making sure
everything's going great you know
smoothly we you know we're showing great
growth stuff like that so I'm not sure
what's gonna happen what are you guys
gonna do for the summer I'm curious miss
videos lighting up a little bit
Crimson's got such booty ass connection
that is one thing I know for sure he's
probably salty so though he's gonna lose
this game you play so I just want to
know what you guys do for the summer
what are you guys just plans and uh if
you guys got finals coming up do you
study for them I don't really take them
seriously because I'm already way ahead
of like like failing the class or
anything like that I'm satisfied with
like a B or C I'm not more I'm not
wanting to go for an 8 most of the time
but I like money if you guys enjoyed
leave it in the comments below and I'll
see sex and on the fuckers on the flip
side yep
[Music]
that's the spawn spawn response yeah
that's the spawn spawn got this one the
guys in this farms fun that's the spawn
yeah this one's fun like ex try to get
it gotta go right now only right there
we don't be slowed right now you will
hate like okay I'm gonna be the only
chinko right now and see if that edge
you know it's no contest
yeah you go through the breakage on the
guide is respond